Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: No. However, the AlexNet and ResNet models were able to correctly predict the breed of the dog. The larger VGG model was not able to accurately make the prediction, and instead classified the animal as cocker spaniel. 


2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: None of the models were able to make the same prediction for the breed even though the image had just been flipped and rotated 180 degrees. The AlexNet model reported the Dog_02 had been a Basenji. The ResNet model reported the Dog_02 image as a camel. The final VGG model reported a Dog_02 as a golden retriever, which coincidentally is the correct answer even though it made the incorrect prediction in the Dog_01 image. 


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: All three models made the accurate predictions as not being dogs. They had correctly classified the class of the images as being a type of car - the original image was a Tesla, and the animal image as being a goldfish - of which all models made the correct prediction with the image of a goldfish. 


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer: The model I selected is the VGG model. It correctly identified the class of each image. It made only one incorrect prediction in the first dog image by reporting a cocker spaniel, and the rest of the images accurately predicted.
